 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(557) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(677) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(686) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(690) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(693) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(697) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(757) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(763) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(768) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(860) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(902) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(980) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1010) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1063) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1129) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1182) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1215) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1302) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1339) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1371) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1415) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
